So we will go to the file and here we will choose our new project, Java with Maven on Java application
and next year name our project emitters currency
converter.
No simply currency converter.
And then finish.
Under the source package.
What do we have to do here?
We have to create a new frame.
Name tags, currency converter.
So here we go.
Jeffrey, under this, you will create a DUI part.
So.
Please size it.
The switch.
No
report here.
They took the property
and we will take a border.
That should be the line to us will be the three more rounded corners.
Turn the corner
and click.
Okay.
And you've got the border.
This is done.
No data label.
In order to free.
An.
As the currency converter.
The sun.
No, we have to change.
Due to the properties.
Foreign ground.
Should we
have to change also?
So, Gloria, make it bold, make it routine.
So to.
Here is what he said.
No, no, no.
To lose or is.
Oh.
Slightly chilly, but here we have to change the font.
I think I changed the final form, so let's just fix it.
And here, go to the.
We?
We need a common sense search warrant and into the foreground to this color
background should be the right clues.
In the middle.
So.
So what should we do?
So I ordered the stunt.
And now another thing which we have to do.
The input from the user and choose the country, the first country and the second country.
We have to select from the user and take some inputs here so we can take some components here.
What should we do?
We can we can take the combo box here, this one here, and another combo box here.
This was so.
We have to resize it.
This one.
Currently.
So
this one third, this one said.
No bigger text box here.
This text from earlier
this year.
Resize this.
Copyright.
Just one not equally for the from country to country thing so they can live there
this year.
And we have to take it to levels also.
So the currency here.
And here.
We will do that later.
And now we need another three buttons for the currency converter and another button should be for the
reset button and another button for the exit.
Okay, so here's what we will do.
Firstly, we should
just terminate.
Firstly we have to set the font.
So select all this, list this to select all.
To the properties.
They formed.
Ball and a team that are more close.
To be less.
14.
Okay.
Don't.
No.
I did text and write
some currency.
From currency of
text and write to currency off.
So this size, this size, this to
clear the text field, square the text field.
And then this return edit text and set it.
Convert.
I'm here.
Text and write.
Reset and text and write.
Exit.
And in this we have to write some units.
32 units.
It won't change according to the currencies.
So firstly, we have to align these things.
Properties here.
So to that aroma, the previous one.
Simply use this one knows and it's done
here.
We have to select some.
And we're doing a horizontal alignment and.
Okay.
Right here.
Go to your right.
Okay.
Simply run this file.
Select main class.
Here.
You can see with your iPad, which we have created, simply looking nice and sober.
So now we have to set these functions and simply this has to change according to the from currency to
currency of these things, the unit thing.
So what we will do now?
Firstly, we have to change these items first.
So we will do one thing
year properties
here, go to the model property and here we can see the list.
So we can do one thing.
We can write about things.
So we will write, choose one.
And after this, we will write the U.S. and Nigeria.
Brazil, Canada, Ghanaian.
Non-issue.
India.
Sagittal flipping and the next one is Pakistani.
Just copy this
study to.
Okay.
And close?
No.
You can see here our list here.
This one.
Who's.
This is great.
So everything is good.
Now we have to change.
This one comma works.
So, like this property, go to the model.
Now we have to change this.
Good to know.
Here we have to write the currency's name or just simply make it seem so loose and simply run this way.
Oh, no, I can see her.
Every issue in which we have settled this one.
Right.
And this exchange.
But now what do we have to do?
If we select the you select the you will say this unit thing, which is also g should also be changed.
So what should we do if we change here?
It should also change by the user.
So the next.